h1. Installing 

@Current version: 0.7@

Note: this step can be skipped if you’re using the gem.

Copy files to a directory in your PATH. I recommend @/usr/local/bin@. This will make the commands accessible by just typing the name of it. Be sure to give them permissions (755 should be fine).

h2. Uptime

Displays your system's uptime.

<pre>
  uptime | awk '{print "Uptime : " $3 " " $4 " " $5 }' | sed -e 's/.$//g'
</pre>
<pre>
  Uptime : 25 days, 8:28
</pre>

h2. Network Info

h3. Internal IP

Displays your Wifi or Ethernet IP. Also see "IP script":#script_ip

<pre>
  ifconfig en1 | grep "inet " | awk '{print $2}'
</pre>
<pre>
  192.168.1.2
</pre>

h3. External IP

Displays your external IP

<pre>
  curl -s www.whatismyip.com/automation/n09230945.asp | awk {'print "External : " $1'}
</pre>
<pre>
  External: 72.45.123.12
</pre>

h2. Calendar

<pre>
  cal | sed "s/^/ /;s/$/ /;s/ $(date +%e) / $(date +%e | sed 's/./#/g') /"
</pre>
<pre>
      July 2009 
  Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 
            1  2  3  4 
   5  6  7  8  9 ## 11 
  12 13 14 15 16 17 18 
  19 20 21 22 23 24 25 
  26 27 28 29 30 31 
</pre>

h2. Memory Usage

Prints out total Memory Usage

<pre>
  top -l 1 | awk '/PhysMem/ {print "Used: " $8}'
  top -l 1 | awk '/PhysMem/ {print "Inactive:  " $6+$10"M"}'
</pre>	
<pre>
  Used:  1769M 
  Inactive:  688M
</pre>

h2. CPU (horizontal)

<pre>
  top -l 1| awk '/CPU usage/ {print $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $11, $12, $13}'
</pre>	
<pre>
  CPU usage: 22.22% user, 71.11% sys, 6.67% idle
</pre>

h2. CPU (vertical)

<pre>
  echo CPU usage
  top -l 1| awk '/CPU usage/ {print $8, $9}'
  top -l 1| awk '/CPU usage/ {print $10, $11}'
  top -l 1| awk '/CPU usage/ {print $12, $13}'
</pre>	
<pre>
  CPU usage
  22.22% user,
  71.11% sys,
  6.67% idle	
</pre>


h2. Weather

"Yweather":http://code.google.com/p/yweather/downloads/list is recommended for this. Because Yweather creates a local copy of the weather from Yahoo, it needs write permissions. Please place the script somewhere it can do this (ie, @/Users/nic/bin/yweather.pl@)

Yweather is not included in this package, but you can "download it from Google Code":http://code.google.com/p/yweather/downloads/list. *Please read the help file when using this script. I did not write it and will not provide support for it.*

h3. Current Temperature

<pre>/Users/nic/bin/yweather.pl -ft1</pre>	
<pre>81</pre>
<h3>Current Conditions</h3>
<pre>/Users/nic/bin/yweather.pl -ft1</pre>	
<pre>Partly Cloudy</pre>

h2. Unread Gmail

This script requires a username and password. You must edit it before use. Replace @USERNAME@ & @PASSWORD@ with your username and password.
_Credits to Greg Newman for this script_
<pre>gmail</pre>	
<pre class="out">3 Unread</pre>

h2(#script_ip). IP Address


<pre>ipaddress</pre>	
<pre>
  Ethernet : INACTIVE
  Airport : 161.45.27.132
</pre>

h2. Remember the Milk

"More info":http://www.rutschle.net/rtm/ for this script. There have been instances where users have needed Xcode for Perl to compile modules correctly.

h3. Install

<pre>sudo cpan install WebService::RTMAgent</pre>	

h3. Setup

<pre>rtm --authorise</pre>

Copy and paste the link into your browser and authorize it. Use @rtm --help@  for more info

h3. Usage

<pre>todo</pre>
<pre>
  - Overdue - 
  Turn in Fall Net tech and LTL list to payroll
  Format computers in Smith for Cummings

  - Next 7 Days - 
  Turn in Payroll

  - Other - 
  resnet payroll system
  Internship Journal
  Buy 4 quarts oil
</pre>	

h2. Current Wifi Network

<pre>airport</pre>	
<pre>Network: DD-WRT</pre>

h2. Timezones

A few examples are provided in the @tzones@ file. You will need to edit this file to add more timezones.

<pre>tzones</pre>	
<pre>
  Hawaii   :  04:04 PM Fri
  UK       :  02:04 AM Sat
  London   :  03:04 AM Sat
  Sweden   :  04:04 AM Sat
  Germany  :  04:04 AM Sat
  Maylasia :  10:04 AM Sat
</pre>

h2. Network Traffic

_Credits to "Chris Helming":mailto:chris.helming@gmail.com_

<pre>network</pre>	
<pre>
  In: 598 kb/s
  Out: 13 kb/s
</pre>